With love all things are possible.

This paper was sent to you for good luck.  The original is in New England.
It has been around the world nine times.  The luck has been sent to you.
You will receive good luck in the mail.  Send no money as faith as no 
price.  Do not keep this letter.  It must leave your hands within 96 hours.

An R.A.F. officer received $470,000.  Joe Elliot receive $40,000 and lost 
it because he broke the chain.  While in the Phillipines, George Welch 
lost his wife 50 days after receiving the letter.  He had failed to 
circulate the letter.  However, before her death, he received $7,775,000.

Please send 20 copies and see what happens in four days.  The chain comes 
from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony Degrow, a missionary from 
South America.  Since this copy must tour the world, you must take twenty 
copies and send them to friends and associates.  After a few days, you 
will get a surprise.  This is true, even if you are not superstitious.

Do note the following:  Constantince had received the chain in 1933.  He 
asked his secretary to make twenty copies and send them.  A few days later 
he won a lottery of two million dollars.  Carlo Daddit, an office 
employee, received the letter and forgot it had to leave his hands in 96 
hours.  He lost his job.  Later, after finding the letter again, he got a 
better job.  Dalen Fairchild received the letter and not believing, threw 
the letter away.  Nine days later, he died.

In 1987, the letter was received by a young lady in California.  It was 
very faded and barely readable.  She promised herself she would retype the 
letter and send it out but she put it aside to do it later.  She was 
plagued by various problems, including expensive car repairs.  The letter 
did not leave her hands in 96 hours.  She finally retyped the letter as 
promised and got a new car.

Remember, send no money.  Do not ignore it.  It works.
